You are optimistic about the food today
I don't care. I don't care.
The second brigade commander has defected
My eldest brother has already gone first.
I'm worried that the other party has ambushed
You immediately bring troops to meet you
Ok, I see, I'll go right now.
As soon as the September 1st Army comes, you will know as soon as you give it to the mayor.
What the hell is going on?
The second brigade commander attacked Zhang Jiashuai
Mayor, he made Zhang Deshuai invisible
11 You are fast
Send it out for treatment quickly
Yes fast fast fast fast
The commander stops the mayor
Market slander requires surgery
Others don't bother anymore
What did I do to hurt the market?
I didn't force you, it's not that we didn't persuade the mayor
We can't help it when we see others getting angry
Are you fucking reasonable?
You are not the one who wants to die, Wang Fugui.
What are you talking about?
Can't we all dare to die?
Is it scrapped? It's all scrapped.
Stop arguing
Now what authority do I have on my brother?
So if you keep arguing, it becomes meaningful
How is the mayor?
Come in again.
Once Born and Bad Forever
captain
Big brother?
big brother
My brother still regrets not listening to you
Run after these guys under the tree
Big brother, your little love goes up to the tiger brother
Still not working.
Take your brothers
The lion is handed over to you, Miss Zhao.
Brother, you are, don't worry.
I will do my best, Wang Fugui
Damn
There is my brother
master
you
Master teacher
Fu
master
Ahhh
Ah!
Ah master